actually
You have to absolutely love it.
You sing.
My sister, is she alright?
Are you all right?
That's good, everyone is worried about me
If something happens to my sister, my parents will definitely be very concerned
You have the final say
Don't worry too much.
Good health is the most important thing
Brother Chen, are you going to be here all the time?
I have informed my mother and his fiancé on purpose that they will not be able to find my sister
OK, I'll leave when they come.
Brother Wenchuan, you care so much about your sister
I feel really bad.
Although my sister was in a car accident, I am also very worried
But I'm also sick.
You never took care of me like this
Is the friendship we have been with since childhood no longer worthy of the place in your heart in the dormitory?
Sorry, thank you.
I ignored your feelings
Will I, brother in the morning?
You know.
I don't want anything.
As long as I'm by your side
My only wish is to marry you
Ok I promise
After you leave the hospital, it will be my wedding